it's my duty to inform you that you've
been charged with murder and that you
issued an illegal order to have your
Marines firing to a group of innocent
civilians murder sir
I want you to be my lawyer I'm a bit
enough lawyer to know you need a better
lawyer than me what do we know about
Colonel Hayes Hodges he's a guy I got
blown apart in Vietnam and became a
cynic and we guarantee we get this guy
don't take this case son this man is
trash the reputation of the court if I'm
guilty of this I'm guilty of everything
I've done in combat for the last 30
years we have been careful here for the
remains charged with murder or hailed as
a hero is sometimes a very thin line
sometimes you just can't win no matter
what you do what do you think I think
they're out to crucify you
biting a well-trained fighting unit
ignored the rules of engagement when
their orders were simply to protect then
if necessary evacuate the embassy it was
a peaceful crowd that is until Colonel
Childers arrived and prevented me from
pursuing further avenues of diplomacy
mrs. morena I don't believe your husband
is telling the truth I can subpoena you
ma'am don't put me up there I'm a very
credible witness this gonna take us both
doing you know yeah how's that work aids
you're gonna spend the rest of your life
in prison - this is a tape from the
embassy security system what if the
crowd had weapons what if this shows
they did fire first I don't want to
watch it I don't want to testify about
it I don't want it to exist we don't
have anybody to back up your case that's
because all men would
withholding evidence to frame a United
States Marine is no less evil than
charging my client with murder
why are those tapes not here I turned
over all materials in my possession the
crowd in front of the embassy had no
weapons did they turn their weapons your
army a fire into the crowd
you don't understand
yes innocent people probably died there
are rules and Marines are sworn to
uphold never read I guess to live by
those rules